config.php
config will open a link to the mysql database at the start of each new session, all changes to records and searches are reliant on this script.
$conn = mysql_connect("host=<localhost> 
port=3306 dbname=<nameofdatabase> 
user=<uid> password=<password>");
The script will also include a few lines closing the link to the database at the end of the session as not to produce more connections to the database than needed.

plant_sorting.php
The plant data can be sorted in multiple different ways there will be a default sort using SORT_REGULAR however the options of SORT_STRING and SORT_NUMERIC will also be available as required. The script will provide the user with an option of how they wish to sort the data.

simple_search.php
The simple search script will search the database for a string matching the users input, all entries in the database containing that string will be returned. It will require a connection to the database from config.php, if there is no connection then the script will return an error message to notify the user of a problem with the connection to the database.

advanced_search.php
The script for advanced search will allow for searches by string, ID, data type, location and user. The user should select their search type before inputting, the results shall be returned unless no result is found or there is an issue with the connection to the database in which case an error message shall be returned to the user. 

edit_plant_record.php
This script will take data input from the client side to form an update in an object oriented way. The update will set the field to be updated to the new data. The script will query if the connection to the server is valid before committing the changes, it will also return a confirmation to the user that the record has been updated or that there was a problem connecting to the server (they have timed out) so they can try again.

delete_plant_record.php
The script for deleting a record will be very straight forward, using an object oriented approach the script will request for the record to be deleted by using its ID. Much like the edit this script will return a confirmation to the user that the record has successfully been deleted or that there was a problem with the connection to the server.

upload_image.php
This script should prompt the user to choose an image file to upload first, when an image file has been selected an upload function will collect the data about the file where it can be validated to check it matches the requirements we have set (eg: file type and size). The image file, if compatible, will be uploaded and the script will return a success message, otherwise a message will be returned to the user explaining which parameter is incorrect or if there is an issue with the connection to the server.

regex validation
validation will be done on the client side using javascript and regular expressions. Doing this allows us to use an onchange method when the user is inputting data with fixed parameters, such as what characters can be used, without putting extra load on the server.